DISTPG-386 Release notes 13.6 (#195)
percona/postgresql-docs: docs/release-notes-v13.6.md

| [pgBackRest](https://pgbackrest.org/)           | 2.37    | a backup and restore solution for PostgreSQL       |
|[`pgBadger`](https://github.com/darold/pgbadger) | 11.7       | a fast PostgreSQL Log Analyzer.|
|[`pgBouncer`](https://www.pgbouncer.org/) | 1.16.1 | lightweight connection pooler for PostgreSQL|
| [pg_repack](https://github.com/reorg/pg_repack) | 1.4.7   | rebuilds PostgreSQL database objects           |
| [pg_stat_monitor](https://github.com/percona/pg_stat_monitor)| 1.0.0 - rc.1 | collects and aggregates statistics for PostgreSQL and provides histogram information.       |
| [PostgreSQL Common](https://packages.debian.org/sid/percona-postgresql-common)| 237 | PostgreSQL database-cluster manager. It provides a structure under which multiple versions of PostgreSQL may be installed and/or multiple clusters maintained at one time.|
|[`wal2json`](https://github.com/eulerto/wal2json) |2.4        | a PostgreSQL logical decoding JSON output plugin.|

Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL also includes the following packages:

> - `llvm` 12.0.1 packages for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 / CentOS 8. These fix compatibility issues with LLVM from upstream. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `llvm` 12.0.1 packages for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 (and compatible derivatives). These fix compatibility issues with LLVM from upstream. 
```

Author: Fixed

- supplemental ETCD packages which can be used for setting up Patroni clusters. These packages are available for the following operating systems:

|  Operating System   |Package               | Version | Description        |
| ------------------- | ---------------------| --------| -------------------|

> | CentOS 7            |`python3-python-etcd` | 0.4.3   | A Python client for ETCD     |
> | CentOS 8            | `etcd`               | 3.3.11  | A consistent, distributed key-value store|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RHEL 7            |`python3-python-etcd` | 0.4.3   | A Python client for ETCD     |
| RHEL 8            | `etcd`               | 3.3.11  | A consistent, distributed key-value store|
```

Author: Fixed
